Feedback to Learner
16/11/20 10:45 AM
Anna you have submitted a high quality and polished design that is complete, functional and substantial. Your design adapts superbly to mobile, tablet and desktop target sizes and you've implemented a well considered organisation of information and navigation that means your site is intuitive to browse and understand. Most content feels 'right sized' at all the target sizes, and your content is highly legible with well paired heading and large body fonts. I liked your use of background images to create striking hero title regions - combined with your breadcrumbs and active state in the hero nav, your site achieved excellent communication to the user of their place in the site. Your category pages were also really aesthetic with alternating shading and image position. I would have like to see some more design elements included in your website (e.g. A graphic logo, more icons, background textures, alternative layouts on your detail pages instead of a single column). Aside from that minor feedback, the main weakness of your design was substantiality in some areas (e.g. About page, site footer, category pages) Please note that underlining is exclusively for links - please don't use underline as a design style (e.g. for non-clickable headings) as it's just too engrained as a web standard. I would have liked to see you customise the default body link and visited colour as the blue/purple defaults look like an oversight. Setting the font weight during a nav hover means the rest of your nav 'jumps' which feels a little glitchy. The technical quality of your HTML was excellent, with technical ambition and effort demonstrated. Your code was free from validation errors. Your semantic mark-up was excellent with accurate choices for containers and content elements, however please don't use
to introduce spacing but use CSS margin. Other notes: all links and media functioned well, head matter included, META included and customised for each page, lang set to English, doctype correct, tidy code with nice indentation, all styling was done inside your CSS file. Your CSS almost validated perfectly - with just one stray number missing from your .sources rule. Your files were very well organised (I noted the subfolders for your internal pages) and you named your images well. However please size and optimise all your image files - they would normally be under 1MB for a website like this. E.g. bamboo-walkway.jpg was 2000px wide but only displayed at 600px width maximum. Your code was well formatted and I appreciated the helpful comments to aid in readability. You demonstrated a strong variety of CSS properties and rule types and a good handle on the cascade - e.g. Your 'hero-tile' general class, and then specific variations of this to switch out the background image. Your website correctly implemented the aria-current and aria-label attributes to assist with accessibility - including setting the active category when within a detail page. Your rationale includes the key elements of what we were looking for here with wireframes, target audience statement, moodboard, and annotated screenshots all executed well. There is good clarity in your target audience statement, and an outstanding amount of detail in your wireframes - well done. Your moodboard included a good mix of element types - typography, palette, texture and photostyling - but your annotated screenshots mainly identified elements of your design and I would have liked to see more justification and reflection in relation to your target audience.

Outstanding work!

Response to Brief - 7
Quality of HTML - 7
Quality of CSS - 7
Rationale - 6